 # Description 
 ## Telecom Billing is a process of collecting usage, aggregating it, applying required charges and finally generating invoices for the customers. Telecom Billing process also includes receiving and recording payments from the customers. This tutorial gives you a complete understanding on Telecom Billing. With this project in C Telecom Billing System, you can perform and manage billing operations like they do in Telecom companies. Here, you can add records with name, phone number and the amount of payment. You can view, modify, search and delete existing records.
# * Requirements
## * High Level Requirements
### Customer Relationship Management,Identical Record Checking,Business Model support,Security,Integration with Multiple Payment Gateways
## * Low Level Requirements
### Customer-interface Management,Order Management,Sales and Marketing,Rate Plans and Rating,Discounting
##### * The billing system must be able to handle customer initiated contact, oversee outbound customer contact, and manage the contact life cycle. It is a basic functionality, which should be available in a typical billing system. Billing system should be capable enough to capture product & service order and manage the order-entry life cycle, and oversee the order-completion life cycle.A satisfactory billing system should answer customer's query, handle commissions, provide sales support, track prospects, manage campaigns, analyze product performance, and acquire multiple dwelling units.A billing systems must manage a variety of products and services, different rate plans associated with those products and services and should provide flexible ways to rate usage generated by those products and services.A billing system should be capable of giving various types of discounts on different usages and rentals.
